feat: add NextJS plugin for CSS extraction (#182)
microsoft/griffel: packages/webpack-extraction-plugin/README.md

  },
};
```

> Within NextJS configuration, you'll need to add the next-plugin from `@griffel/webpack-extraction-plugin` like so:
> 
> 
> ```js
> // next.config.js
> const {
>   nextPlugin: withGriffelCssExtraction
> } = require("@griffel/webpack-extraction-plugin");
> 
> module.exports = withGriffelCssExtraction()({
>   webpack(config) {
>     config.module.rules.push({
>       test: /\.(js|jsx|tsx|ts)$/,
>       exclude: /node_modules/,
>       use: [
>         {
>           loader: "@griffel/webpack-loader"
>         }
>       ]
>     });
> 
>     return config;
>   }
> });
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### With Next.js

In `next.config.js` file you'll need to add the next-plugin from `@griffel/webpack-extraction-plugin` like so:

```js
// next.config.js
const { withGriffelCssExtraction } = require('@griffel/webpack-extraction-plugin');

module.exports = withGriffelCssExtraction()({
  webpack(config) {
    config.module.rules.push({
      test: /\.(js|jsx|tsx|ts)$/,
      exclude: /node_modules/,
      use: [
        {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
        },
      ],
    });

    return config;
  },
});
```
````

nit: small formatting changes
